# Final_Assignment

Inside Final_assignment you will find: -rqt_graph of the simulation -CMakeList.txt is the best and user-friendly software solution to build c++ project. -package.xml is the Package Manifest of the ros package. -script folder with python source code -src folder with c++ file of the two nodes. -srv folder with the request/reply of the custom service -config folder for rviz configuration -param folder for the configuration of the sourrounding enviroment -urdf folder (Universal Robotic Description Format) with the descriptions of the robot and sensors -wordls folder with the description of the house in which the simulation will run -docs folder with the documentation builded with DoxyGen and ReadMe.txt file -launch folder with the XML launch file for the simulation

Robot uses lasers to scanning the area and for seeing obstacles. Robot uses SLAM ( Simultaneous Localization and Mapping) in particular Gmapping, which is based on a particle filter (approach to estimate a probability density). Robot uses dijkstra algorithm to move in the sourrounding environment. With simulation_gmapping.launch Rviz and Gazebo simulators will be executed. With move_base.launch dijkstra algorithm will be executed.

I develop (/src/interface.cpp) that allow to choose one of four possiible actions: 1)Choose randomly one of six possible target and Robot has to reach the goal. A custom service has been declared (srv/Random_Goal.srv) and one server to choose randomomly the goal has been implemented(/src/goal_service.cpp) 2)User has to set x and y coordinates for the goal (but one of the possible six) 3)Start to follow the walls. For this scope exits (/scripts/wall_follow_service_m.py) 4)Stop the Robot in the current position.
